0.61 changelog (#19668)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

> - Windows 11 or Windows 10 v2004 (19041) or newer.

Reviewer: Can we use 20h1 too? And is this "year-based" version number directly synonym with build number? I think I remember reading once that these were not _that_ exact. But maybe I'm just nitpicking and I should go to bed...

- Our installer will install the following items:
   - [.NET 6.0.7 Desktop Runtime](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0#runtime-desktop-6.0.7) or a newer 6.0.x runtime.
   - [Microsoft Edge WebView2 Runtime](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=2124703) bootstrapper. This will install the latest version.
   - [Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable](https://docs.microsoft.com/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170#visual-studio-2015-2017-2019-and-2022) installer. This will install one of the latest versions available.

### Via GitHub with EXE [Recommended]

 [Microsoft PowerToys GitHub releases page][github-release-link], click on `Assets` at the bottom to show the files available in the release. Please use the appropriate the PowerToys installer that matches your machine's architecture.  For most people, it is `x64`.
 
 - **For x64 processors (most common):** click on `PowerToysSetup-0.61.0-x64.exe`

>  - **For ARM64 processors:** `PowerToysSetup-0.61.0-arm64.exe`

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could link the binaries directly here

Author: Sounds like a nice addition.

- There are reports of users who are [unable to open the Settings window](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/issues/18015). This is being caused by incompatibilities with some applications (RTSS RivaTuner Statistics Server and MSI AfterBurner are known examples of this). If you're affected by this, please check the  linked issue to verify if any of the presented solutions works for you.

### General
- Upgraded the Windows App SDK runtimes to 1.1.2.
- The new Windows 11 context menu entries are now correctly added to Windows 11 dev channel insider builds. (This was a hotfix for 0.60)
- The old context menu entries are shown alongside the new Windows 11 context menu entries to be compatible with software that overrides the Windows 11 context menu behavior. (This was a hotfix for 0.60)
- Consolidated C# language version across the solution. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

> - Removed deprecated Segoe icon glyph codes and replaced them with the correct ones.  Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated Segoe icon glyph codes and replaced them with the correct ones.  Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001) and @Jay-o-Way!
```
Plus, I have an additional pr in the waiting room...

Author: Sorry about the omission. Adding it.
Regarding the PR, it was marked as ready after we finished testing the release candidate, so it'll likely be included only on next build or if we release a hotfix. Sorry for the inconvenience.

Reviewer: Ahhw, I missed the "bell" for the deadline then 🔔

- Fixed an issue that caused a random accent key to be pressed on certain keyboard layouts when enabling some modules.

### Always on Top

- Fixed border flickering when activating. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
- Fixed a bug causing Always on Top to activate and hang when exiting PowerToys. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
- Fixed black edges appearing on rounded corners.
- Fixed a bug that was causing 100% CPU consumption.

### FancyZones

- Fixed a bug that caused layouts to not be applied correctly when many monitors reported having the same serial number. (This was a hotfix for 0.60)
- Fixed a bug that caused layouts to not be applied correctly on some virtual monitor setups (This was a hotfix for 0.60)
- A "Rows" default layout is now applied to vertical monitors, instead of a "Columns" layout. Thanks [@augustkarlstedt](https://github.com/augustkarlstedt)!

### Image Resizer

> - Screen now announce the size name instead of the class name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Screen reader now announces the size name instead of the class name.
```

### File explorer add-ons

- Fixed an issue when creating thumbnails for SVG files created using Inkscape.

### Keyboard Manager

- Adjusted wording on the editor when keys are orphaned.

### Mouse utility

- Fixed a bug that caused the current Find My Mouse spotlight to hang when activated in the top left corner of the screen. (This was a hotfix for 0.60)

### PowerRename

- The PowerRename window reacts to current dpi when created.

### PowerToys Run

- Fixed a typo in the WindowWalker plugin UI. Thanks [@rohanrdy](https://github.com/rohanrdy)!
- Improved performance by saving the search history files only on exit. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
- Added support for showing localized names for some win32 programs in the programs plugin. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
- The program plugin will now consider settings changed directly in ProgramPluginSettings.json. Thanks [@bezgumption](https://github.com/bezgumption)!

### Settings

- PowerToys Run settings page properly greys out the score adjustment setting when a plugin is not global. Thanks [@jefflord](https://github.com/jefflord)!

> - PowerToys Run no longer shows results for some plugins when querying for empty spaces in a global query. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

Reviewer 3: move pt run section?

Author: You're right, this is the wrong section.

- PowerToys Run plugins score adjustment field accepts only numeric characters. Thanks [@jefflord](https://github.com/jefflord)!
- Will not run if started directly from its executable, as it was before the WinUI 3 upgrade.
- Fixed a typo in a PowerToys Run settings page description. Thanks [@eltociear](https://github.com/eltociear)!

### Installer

> - Removed the dead code to make a msix installer.

Reviewer: Dead means deprecated?

Author: More like not being called.
